Slime Colors and Their Uses:
Red- predetermined shapes (Ramp, Rectangle, Square)
Green- sticky (Used for Wall Jumps, Holding down buttons)
Blue- slippery (Used to Push Obstacles, or to Make Enemies Slide, Speed Up)

Basic Mechanics:
Cleaning:
Slime is cleaned up and held within a bucket that works as a form of inventory for the player.
Tools:
In his progress of cleaning the kingdom, MC will come across specialized tools which utilize the various slimes in ways that will allow him to progress through the levels.
Tools so far:
Green Glove: Allows the player to scale walls.
Blue Boots: Allows the player to increase speed and create a slick surface for a short time that enemies and items can slide on.
(Red tool is Red Rag? -Ian)
Slime Ratios:
Player inventory:
10
Innate Slime:
Gain 1
Enemy Slime:
Gain 2
Glove Usage:
Boots Usage:
(I assume we are going to use 1 per something, im not sure if we want that something to be tiles moved, or something else though.)
Hammer Usage:
Use 1 per block

Situational Examples:
Red:
The player is at a cliff that is 3 blocks high, the player can jump 2 blocks high. Using the red slime hammer, the player can drop a one block high slime cube at the base of the cliff. The player can jump on the red block and then jump onto the top of the cliff.

Green:
The player is at a cliff that is 3 blocks high, the player can jump 2 blocks high. There is a nearby wall that is close enough for the player to jump onto. Using the green slime gloves the player can stick to the wall, and then jump off of it to ascend higher. (this will function basically the same way we had it before where you can jump between two walls to go up but you cant move directly up or down a wall)

Blue:
You are at the top of a hill, and at the bottom there is a ramp and a gap that is too wide to jump across normally. The player can equip the blue slime boots and start sliding down the hill. Utilizing the slippery properties of the blue slime the player can slide quickly down the hill and off the ramp managing to jump across the gap.

Innate Slime:
All slimes when found on the stage will all be in a gelatinous form spread across the floor, walls, and ceiling.
It will be helpful to note that green and blue slimes still maintain their respective properties when naturally spread, however the red slimes are not and are instead just a gelatinous substance
